Roz and I went out to the
Farallones to capture
conservation stories and map the
refuge the Farallon National
Wildlife Refuge is the largest
seabird nesting colony in the
lower 48 states and it's also an
incredibly important breeding
ground for marine mammals like
seals and sea lions missing most
people don't know that the
Farallones even exist
the islands are technically
within the city limits of San
Francisco rotten ir
cartographers so we're really
excited to make an interactive
map to allow people to explore
the islands from afar the
Farallon National Wildlife
Refuge is completely off-limits
to the public
Ross and I are working in
collaboration with the US Fish
and Wildlife Service and . blue
conservation science the only
folks who are out there are this
team of scientists 365 days a
year since the nineteen sixties
there aren't that many places
along the California coast where
seabirds and three males can
spend time without being
disturbed by some sort of human
presence
and that's why we're here we're
out here to capture the essence
of this place so that we can
bring it back to the mainland
one of the most consistent
comments that I get is how
adorable teen strap penguins are
but every time you get near them
the very first thing that they
do is project output